---
title: ConvarFlags
---

```csharp
[Flags]
public enum ConvarFlags : ulong
```

## Fields

- **ARCHIVE**: 128 - Set to cause it to be saved to vars.rc.


- **CHEAT**: 16384 - Only usable in singleplayer/debug or when sv_cheats is enabled.


- **CLIENTCMD_CAN_EXECUTE**: 268435456 - IVEngineClient::ClientCmd is allowed to execute this command.


- **CLIENTDLL**: 8 - Defined by the client DLL.


- **CLIENT_CAN_EXECUTE**: 33554432 - Assigned to commands to let clients execute them.


- **COMMANDLINE_ENFORCED**: 2097152 - If set via launch options, value will not be reset by ResetConVarsToDefaultValuesByFlag.


- **DEFENSIVE**: 4294967296 - Defensive flag.


- **DEMO**: 65536 - Record this convar when starting a demo file.


- **DEVELOPMENT_ONLY**: 2 - Hidden in released products. Flag is removed automatically if ALLOW_DEVELOPMENT_CVARS is defined.


- **DONTRECORD**: 131072 - Do not record this command in demo files.


- **EXECUTE_PER_TICK**: 536870912 - Execute per tick.


- **GAMEDLL**: 4 - Defined by the game DLL.


- **HIDDEN**: 16 - Hidden. Doesn't appear in find or auto complete. Like DEVELOPMENTONLY, but can't be compiled out.


- **INITIAL_SETVALUE**: 4096 - Is set for a first convar SetValue either with its default_value or with a value from a gameinfo.
Mostly for callbacks to check for.


- **LINKED_COMMAND**: 1 - Allows concommand callback chaining. When command is dispatched all chained callbacks would fire.


- **MENUBAR_ITEM**: 1048576 - Show as a menu bar item.


- **NONE**: 0 - The default, no flags at all


- **NOTIFY**: 256 - Notifies players when changed.


- **NOT_CONNECTED**: 4194304 - Cvar cannot be changed by a client that is connected to a server.


- **PERFORMING_CALLBACKS**: 262144 - Set when cvar is executing callbacks; value sets during callbacks are queued until callbacks finish.


- **PER_USER**: 32768 - Causes per-user variants (e.g. varname2..N for splitscreen) to be autogenerated.


- **PROTECTED**: 32 - It's a server cvar, but we don't send the data since it's a password, etc.  Sends 1 if it's not bland/zero, 0 otherwise as value.


- **REFERENCE**: 1024 - Means cvar is a reference, usually used to get a cvar reference of a cvar registered in other module,
and is temporary until the actual cvar was registered.


- **RELEASE**: 524288 - Only cvars tagged with this are available to customers.


- **REPLICATED**: 8192 - Server setting enforced on clients. Values are replicated from server to clients.


- **SERVER_CANNOT_QUERY**: 67108864 - If this is set, then the server is not allowed to query this cvar's value.


- **SERVER_CAN_EXECUTE**: 16777216 - The server is allowed to execute this command on clients via ClientCommand/NET_StringCmd/CBaseClientState::ProcessStringCmd.


- **SPONLY**: 64 - This cvar cannot be changed by clients connected to a multiplayer server.


- **UNLOGGED**: 2048 - If this is a FCVAR_SERVER, don't log changes to the log file / console if we are creating a log.


- **USERINFO**: 512 - Changes the client's info string


- **VCONSOLE_FUZZY_MATCHING**: 8388608 - Enable fuzzy matching in vconsole.


- **VCONSOLE_SET_FOCUS**: 134217728 - vconsole set focus.



